here's what I did
on to how to resolve in a
morning in no time at all
few products
you saw that I used a
eye shadow in cream an eyeliner and mascara
strong lipstick so few products
however the logically careful impact is
maybe don't overdo it because otherwise
ok a few products but the impact but you can
be too so the right impact
so a nice ryan air lapped lips there
I say a make up that you really do
very little time and I hope this
video you enjoyed it you like it
let's see to the next
first thing goes to draw the
foundation quest sad burls the brahms
beige which is an opaque fluid is enough
very little uses a flat brush
very quickly
to give you more
rice uniformity that other but in
In this case, however, she is not big
defects to be covered therefore some
we form the color of the face
then as an environment I now go to
use this in ds cream
collection circus this is it
this wavy in the coloring
interactive with hawkins magic I go to
lay down with dedication from the center of the
full length eyelid
of the part goes
let's go and tap the same moment
also in this part and we deserve it
illuminating and to the pupino arch we go
to use towards this liner just
of patrice this is the blue now vi
I say the number is 0 5 from two and a lot
very dark and let's just go to
draw a line at the hairline
of the upper eyelashes
with the same you've combined let's go
at the base of the lower lashes
only in the final part
before all this dries up
take an angled brush e
let's go to smoke never liner we mark in the
collector of use this here of
gray surgeon number 3 help me with a
soft brush
I'm going to fix localize everything with
essence transparent powder
bahamuth as a blush to use this
of slip this beautiful fuchsia very much
the flamingo is turned on so I go to
take some with my brush
friend very lightly on
cheekbone withdrawal to the temple or years
then truly the mascara this of
essen saint jean
abound with mascara because anyway
since it is a lot to do
quickly
we focus on few products but the impact
I go to make the outline to the pa e
came with this automatic morning
say tris 0 60 of the rebels
while this blog over salo run
I think it's the number 4
I believe so this is this numeretto
I think 64 which is a beautiful fuchsia that therefore
it turns me on this burgundy color I have
put on the lips